---
CUID: 2023-05-10T15:03:27-04:00

type: now
layout:
status:
  - Next Up
  - In Progress
  - Archived
  - Cancelled

draft: false
feature: false
private: false
headless: false
highlight: false

growth: false
growthStage:
  - Seedling
  - Sprout
  - Evergreen
growthStart: ""
growthEnd: ""
growthUpdate: ""

date: 2023-05-10T15:03:27-04:00
publishDate: 2023-05-10T15:03:27-04:00
expiryDate:
lastmod:

url: ""
slug: ""
aliases: []
linkTitle: ""

series: []
title: Now 14441019
subtitle: ""
summary:
description: ""

collections: []
categories: []
subjects: []
topics: []
tags: []

cover: ""
coverAltText: ""
coverCaptionText: ""
coverThumbnail: ""
coverURL: ""

authors:
  - Talha ibn Cyrus
authorsNoteType:
  - 
authorsNoteCustom:

localNotificationDisplay: true
localNotificationText: ""

tocDisplay: false
socialShareDisplay: true

characterCountDisplay: false
wordCountDisplay: false
readTimeDisplay: false
---

### Presenting Myself to the World
It's a lot of emotional and monotenus work taking the various things I have produced and organizing them to be consumed by others. This spans all mediums and all major platforms. 

My war against my childhood conditioning is being fought and I am slowly, very slowly winning.

### Personal Website 
Yes, I have had a love-hate relationship with my and here I am choosing neither to love it nor hate. Instead, my only aim to ensurethat it exists and that it serves my purpose.

### The Artist
Reconnecting and giving my artist child space to breathe and finally allow the adult to become and embrace his rightful calling. 

Becoming a full-time independent artist.

Part of this journey has been commiting myself to Project129 and of course producting new artwork, placing my artwork up for sale, and training my skills as a digital artist.

### The Influencer
Just a few days ago I made a public comitmnent to becoming a voice for male survivors and men's mental health. This has me very nervous, however it is in direct alignment with my purpose.

### Career Change
Finding new ways to make use of my knowledge and skills to produce a career of time independence which will give me the foundation to transit into being an indpendent artist fulltime.

I have found writing to be a great change for me so, we'll see where this can take me.